hey everybody welcome back to normal and
plays The Binding of Isaac after birth
plus we've been I thought that said
continue and I was about to lose my
freakin mind man no we've been playing
alright lately this could be a keeper
run its apollyon
that is close to a keeper run but it's
not a keeper run and we start with
capricorn thanks to our last team whose
blessing thank God 0 9 1 e RR 9 s let's
go
I'm excited apollyon a regular character
Lee I can take or leave the character
cap record great starting item and the
thing that makes a apollyon dope is the
void now unfortunately I don't know how
much good my detonators going to do for
us with the void but this a labyrinth
floor it's not we definitely like won
the lottery in terms of the starting
items like capricorn is one of the best
possible items we well it's in the top
like 5% I'd say there's a lot of really
good items in this game sometimes I
forget that there's like at least a few
items that can pretty much if not win
you the game give you a great start and
this is definitely one of them like this
isn't your dad being Bill Gates
necessarily this is like your dad being
he owns like eight subways in your
hometown like you got it you're going to
be pretty well-off for your existence as
a youth and then you've got time and
you're young until years to figure
things out and let's be honest on your
sixteenth birthday he's probably gonna
give you one of the subways anyway and
even if you run it into the ground who's
gonna knock you out of business Quiznos
they've been dropping like flies out
here might not be true in in all of the
world but Quiznos you know they made a
big splash when they came to Canada it
was like we just had Subway and mr. sub
mr. sub was like you wanted like a plain
white bread ham sandwich we got from the
grocery store here you go that's a
little bit insulting but they are a
slight cut above that so we got a subway
it was like oh my god subway you know
we're really getting into the new era
here then we got Quiznos we were like
toasted subs and then subway said hey do
you want to toast our subs and we were
like yo sub
competition is the spirit of capitalism
here and then Quiznos was like we didn't
expect that so ever since then it hurts
me deep in my soul because I was a
Quiznos boy as a teenager the Quiznos
locations here have not been crushing it
lately confirmed either way I'm running
out of sandwich places man Quiznos is
like in Vancouver at least it's derelict
Subway's trying to sue the Canadian
taxpayer like why is it just to make
sandwiches bad why does the business
have to be so difficult now it's all
about making those commercials where you
got them weird little fuzzy animals
going eek with no sobs I know you guys
saw those in your younger don't leave me
out to dry on that one the easy response
would be for you to just type dot dot
dot and then leave me thinking oh crap
that i overstepped my bounds but i know
you're going to respond to that one and
not leave me hanging thanks for full
health
thanks for infamy thanks for the gift of
infamy cuz you're once twice three times
a lady
I only know three times the lady because
it's sung in Garden State and I was into
that movie in eleventh and twelfth grade
and then I watched it as an adult and I
was like it's pretty good but it's a
little overly precious is like no
offense Zach Braff you know I was I was
reading up on that movie non-stop I was
like I hope it comes to theaters outside
of NYC in LA and then eventually it did
but you know I'm like I'm not driving
two hours to see Garden State so I got
it on DVD and I was everything I can ask
for and more and then you know watched
it as an adult I was like maybe this is
a little too precious but you're with
your welcome to disagree with me on that
one
we're going to take a missing page and
we are absolutely going to suck up this
now the danger what not danger but that
the relatively bad thing about sucking
up the we want a battery charge quickly
if possible the relatively bad thing
about sucking up this item is that in
makes us want to use it on bosses which
means that we can't use it to suck up
other items so you know there's always
that kind of pull in two different
directions with void it's like if you
suck up good space bar items then you
want to use those space bar items in
aggregate with one another on important
rooms or you know on any room for that
matter which unfortunately usually makes
it impossible for you to suck up items
you know would be a really good synergy
for this if we have the HP to make it
work
sharp plug then we could use a full
charge and pay two HP to get another
full charge from zero that we could use
to suck up items after we finish the
boss fight you know it's an interesting
proposition so we don't really want to
suck anything up here we might as well
just take and take and I do want
consumables but I'm okay gunning for
stats so let's go it was a damage in
speed upgrade which is basically to be
honest with you almost as good as it
gets it would be nice to have a serious
upgrade along with it but sadly we'd not
so we will just proceed instead one of
those might be full health but that
might as well be dead to me at this
point of the game grab this and really
we're off to the races here I don't know
it's one of those idioms I don't
understand off to the races I've never
been to a racetrack
I feel like media has really done a bad
job of representing the opportunities as
an adult to go to a race track not only
if I'd never been to a race track I have
never had someone asked me if I wanted
to go to the race track I don't know if
horse racing is legal in Canada like
betting on horse racing at least I don't
know if it's legal it's just a casino
for horses right it's not a casino like
that horses go into and go like weird
when they're like sir I recommend you
stay and they say I also like to live
dangerously from the first Austin Powers
film they're big fans of Mike Myers
but it's like you go there and you bet
on oh it's like a gambling thing right
right root good the horse-racing or do
you go to appreciate the majesty of the
animal I don't know I've been to casinos
probably in my adult life I have
probably been to the casino like 10
times is my guess like with the
intention of gambling a little bit but I
always end up I'm unlike the worst
gambler I'm not like a problem gambler I
just have a problem with gambling which
is that like if I were to win $50 I'm
like this doesn't really change quality
of my life that much and if I lose $50 I
think to myself I'm a piece of garbage
that $50 I could have bought you know I
could have bought prey they didn't send
me a code they just sent me a moldy
banana in the mail it's insulting but
yeah that's why I don't think I'd make a
good problem gambler I'm not making
light of the situation I understand the
neurochemical poll that like gambling
can have on people I'm just saying for
me personally going a lot of a salt in
Las Vegas because I've done enough of
that over the past year or something on
in these videos but man it's not a place
for me like when I'm in Las Vegas and I
see people having fun I'm like how
though you got a bud light in your hands
9:00 a.m. you telling a story about how
you lost $1,000 that's like the worst
you've created my own personal nightmare
because I'm a hipster and I need to
drink craft beer instead of that
macrobrewery stuff what do you take me
for and then also 9:00 a.m. come on dude
I'm a streamer I sleep up till late and
then you lost $1,000 in years you got a
smile on your face I'm losing my mind
anyway we're going to take this
obviously I think we should take this as
well
no more they need to take advantage of
that we didn't go to our item room yet
that's that's a slanderous by the way
not everybody in Vegas has that same
experience oh no I go there for the
shows well that's that's sweet you know
no complaints there and every time I
talk about Vegas people go NL you're
right
Vegas sucks or sorry Vegas rules but the
strip sucks and I'm like you know what I
can understand that I try to be more
here's the thing
I'm well-traveled but it's hard to be
well-traveled without being smarmy
because people go you know we came back
from and it is less and took me a long
time to learn because I was still
enamored with the fact that I could
afford to buy a plane ticket now and
then you know that's something that for
like thirteen year old me is like you
mean I can just tell them I'd like to
buy a plane ticket and they'll allow me
like I'm an actual adult but like you
know Kate and I got back from e3 and
people were like what do you think about
LA we were like LA shiftable I hate it
you know there's no nature and the
traffic's horrible and you know people
are weird and then I you know a lot of
people were like yeah but I also thought
like it kind of sucks you know what do I
know about LA I spend like four days
there during a convention where like a
million nerds descend on the city and
like you know me and my kind stink it up
for everybody else and then I go I come
back and I go oh yes Los Angeles my
travels have taken me there but it's the
shithole you know that's like it's not
really fair I would be offended and it
happens all the time people go to
Vancouver and you know you see them
talking about it and they go oh then cuz
there's nothing to do in Vancouver well
there is stuff to do in Vancouver you
were here for like two days you don't
know what you're talking about it went
to Stanley Park and I mean wrote the
SkyTrain and that's it TripAdvisor
doesn't have anything else so try to be
more mindful now I'm on a bastion you
know I I hate the Vegas strip but I've
never been to Vegas proper I would not
deign to insult the whole city without
giving it it's fair do like Boston for
example I understand that there are
people who like Boston I've been to
Boston enough times to now no it's not
for me because I don't like people being
rude to me and then later they give us a
bill and go you know what would
certificate if he not to be rude I don't
harp on the food service thing more than
I probably should we're going to take
number one even at the expense of our
range that's just not for me
I'm a Vancouver Seattle Portland guy and
I know that says a lot about me like
whom you you can you can draw a lot of
conclusions about my personality from
that and most of them would be right to
be like hey I bet you like paying $4 for
a coffee right yeah yeah I mean I do the
most the most Vancouver hipster thing
about myself that I'm loath to admit
because it's such a great barb you can
use against me is that one time I
accidentally paid 21 dollars for three
cups of coffee I'm going to back up a
little bit there I was hanging out with
my friend Cory you streams twitch.tv
slash flack blag he plays pub cthe and
Isaac Daly's where he consistently beats
my scores and gives me quite ornery I
said order e not the one that starts
with an H and makes you think I got a
big old boner but I mean that too but
either way he's a big coffee snob
self-admitted and he's like you got to
go to this place in gas town it's a
district in Vancouver why is it called
gas town I don't know dude I didn't name
the city was like 150 years ago coming
some slack I'm going to give you some
fuel to make fun of me so you got to go
to this place that's called revolver and
if you've been to Vancouver in your
coffee snob it's well-known one of the
one of the biggest like snob Coffee
Roasters in the city which I'm into so
anyway he took me there and he's like
hey it's my treat I'll get whatever you
you know you'd like to get and earlier
in the day he told me they had this
thing called like a coffee tasting
flight where they give you three coffees
served it like varying temperatures and
then they you know explain to you like
oh this one's got notes of blah blah and
I was like you know what that sounds
novel even if I'm a little bit I'm
sounds pretentious
but I'm willing to give it a shot let's
give it
shot right and I got it and then the
bill came out for like our three drinks
turned out to be like thirty bucks and I
looked at the bill and I was like I'm
sorry
that's what I accidentally made you buy
me a $21 coffee I got him lunch to make
up for it but still like that's in it
you know what I enjoyed it would I get
it again probably not unless it was like
a very special occasion because that's a
ridiculous and also I was kind of like
this one's hot coffee
this one's warm coffee and this one is
cooler coffee so it was kind of wasted
on me to some extent but there you go
there's your ultimate if I ever insult
you in chat I'm gonna take speedball as
well I want the shot speed since my
range is lower if I ever like single you
out in twitch chat and go like we know
blah blah blah blah this guy's a dummy
all you need to do is go
yeah well Lisa and paid 21 dollars for a
coffee and then you know I'm pretty much
what is it the kids say these days I'm
BPF owed
I got bounced the free guys out words is
what they say I think either way we want
that let's go puberty not a bad pill in
hinds away what's going on there was
something maybe was just a blood-spatter
in the bottom left there but it's true
you know I like the I like the weather
in the Pacific Northwest and I like the
people is there a level of pretension
here absolutely their level of
snobbishness absolutely I think that's
why I fit right in you heard the
conversations we have on the LSS I think
I almost have like if I made to my own
horn I think I'm a good Pacific
Northwest resident because I didn't grow
up here and that's I have knowledge of
how the world works outside of the
Pacific Northwest and that gives me like
a bit of perspective that I think some
people here don't have like there are
people in the Pacific Northwest that are
like don't houses cost a million dollars
each everywhere and you got to be like
not that is a very like in some places
in the world admittedly you can did you
find some music Oh cities that do that
but that's pretty much like a Vancouver
Seattle Portland San Francisco sort of
thing going on there is pain
in like way too much money to live there
what do you mean it snows once a month
sometimes it's true outside of the
Pacific Northwest sometimes it could
snow three or four times in a single
week I know it's crazy but you know
there's like a there's a pnw bubble what
do you mean one degree Celsius isn't
cold well you know I mean if it feels
cold then it's cold but there's people
like you know they go out and a t-shirt
and shorts in that if you live in a
flippin Minnesota you know what I mean
buddy
anyway that's this is the end of my very
self-serving discussion on the Pacific
Northwest it is beautiful never come
here we got our own problems already um
said someone who moved here anyway
we're playing Isaac how's it going like
it's great the runs quite good kind of
I'm waiting on that last guppy item why
not a good opportunity to use a poly ons
void item as well nice save no one even
noticed and I think that's a decent
opportunity even though 25 cents would
be nice it's certainly non-essential and
we managed to snag another one damage
upgrade as a result full health is
unnecessary and we have a battery charge
left over anyway so because we must have
gotten a rate of fire increase there too
and honestly with our shot speed our
range is not as bad as I would have
expected so in the run is it's not
popping off it's already popped off boss
rush is something I would like to go to
and teleport out of but we'll have to
love to play that on a case-by-case
basis what I really want to see is a
deal with the devil here because we are
you know one guppy item away from
basically kicking the Christ out of this
game and never having to worry about
anything again you're a little annoying
do a demon baby with the clutch assist
there thanks buddy I appreciate it
we got plenty of time we're not hurting
for time kind of a surprise we've made
it we definitely want to suck that up
it's it's sort of a tough call here I
don't think I want to pay for it I think
we're a little light on HP to want to
pay for that
we got another damage upgrade for
sucking off a range upgrade so I'm very
content with that as well and we'll move
on to our boss rush floors has become
colloquially known to me and me alone IV
bag IV bag is like it only shows up on
void runs to mess with us if we had red
hearts I'd probably take it because I'm
like my own worst enemy but it's the
wrong call to suck this up right now
it's a great call for a black room
though what we need on this run at this
point is I know I just rewrote one of
these by sucking it up but like a range
upgrade that came attached to something
else would be pretty swell and then like
a defensive item it doesn't even have to
be the relic or anything you know that
amazing if it could just be the ability
to fly like this room exemplifies why I
think the ability to fly is important
these guys are jerks it's one way to do
it I guess you guys are jerks is taking
forever for us to kill them and it's
extremely annoying to do so is a vampire
it's extremely annoying for us to do so
because we got to get right up in their
grills you know - so we're gonna take
two of diamonds we're going to take
battery baby we're going to take the
spirit heart and we're going to donate
as much money as possible and not really
worry too too much about the
consequences in any direction here a
luck upgrade is nice but mostly this is
just about ensuring a proper environment
for us to have future roses we don't
need the money for anything anyway all
right so we got three cents remaining
basically zero for now
lux data one now gives us I don't know
how much more chance of getting
consumables but I kind of feel like and
this is anecdotal don't think this is
evidence but kind of feel like the luck
stat is almost like a scale like like
it's a what's the word it's like it's a
scaling factor it's it's something you
multiply by something else in order to
get the results so you know what it's
save me some time I can spend two bombs
and definitely get more than we
bargained for back here the thing is
like zero luck seems to give you poor
consumables one luck I think starts to
give you better results and I'm just
wondering like is three luck actually
three times as good as one luck or is
there a different factor involved there
I don't know the answer to that question
because we're a little tight on time I'm
going to go slightly faster here
chemical peel is fine but I'm going to
suck it up
we got luck and damage out of it
honestly I've gotten such good like
lowercase L luck on this run to
differentiate it from the actual stat
that I almost feel bad like all of our
void plays have turned into damage to
the best of my knowledge so far except
for the ones where we sucked up an
active item that is unusual and
considering how many of the stats are
nearly maxed out or otherwise useless to
begin with like the speed for example we
have no need for any more we really like
struck gold and should acknowledge that
you know variance is on our side right
now doesn't always happen it is sensible
to me to do boss rush because every
couple of waves will generate another
shears charge so there's items worth
doing it for we should do it I think
might sound like a little bit like a
truism but the other thing is you know
we're still waiting on that mythical
like octo lottery and I'm not talking
about what Nadya Suleman dude why do I
have a spot in my brain that remembers
octo mom's birth name like that's just
too far I don't even have to check I
know her name is Nadia
I'm gonna go check it but okay so we got
that we want to suck up all this I mean
if it can't sprit II good
first off Octomom Natalie Suleiman so
close I almost had it
anyway we give for Stan's upgrades or
wring your piercing shots or we get a
mechanic like it's all good I say we you
know kill em all let God sort em out
there we go
so we mostly got a little damage out of
that by the way was this the right
decision
no no no highly wrong highly wrong if a
CAC or Sagittarius were great choices
also now every time I press the spacebar
I'm going to immediately blow myself up
oh no I'm going to blow myself up if
there's an existing bomb as long as I
keep moving I might be fine dude shears
what are you doing like you have the
easiest job on planet earth right now
chew everything
and I need to stop taking damage because
I don't have a ton of HP I don't have a
ton I age and I set it like that look we
got mad shears as if we were on a
podcast called how did this get made on
the Earwolf network all we got to do is
let them do the dirty work for us keep
the two outside
I think it's cuz I was like standing on
top of it or not moving while I placed
it no okay so for whatever reason
sometimes I explode and sometimes I
don't I wonder if it's related to link I
was going to say like mr. boom giving us
a troll bomb but I'm pretty sure that's
it sounds more like a freaking
pictionary card than anything else I'm
just going to live is my goal so I'm not
going to use void anymore I'm just going
to live this is my intention or that we
can use it there that time didn't
explode I feel like I'm missing
something obvious for the explosions but
I'm not sure if I'm missing something
obvious that's within my control okay I
need you to eat one of these bosses I
don't really care what it is I'm going
to sweet little like Pikmin thing going
on here
spirit hearts please nice no spirit arts
but nice nonetheless come this way I
told the to come this way I know
phrasing but that's amateur hour let's
be honest the Aerosmith parody that's
the true hiyo comedy the final chapter
in the the comedy textbook written by
yours truly That's not me it's actually
a an old vaudevillian performers names
yours truly his first sketch eponymously
named not named after eponymous I mean
it's called yours truly it's a very
confusing situation that's why the
chapter is 400 pages long I can fly now
I could have flown this whole time now
that I think about it yeah I mean so I
didn't really want to suck it up but you
know at the same time that I'm my own
worst enemy as stated so I pretty much
had to so now we really are on a tight
leash here we got great damage there's
no complaints in that department worst
enemies for us right now the vaginal
silkworms always always always vaginal
silkworms unless they're dying in one
hit which you know honestly we should
just take a nip attack our decision to
void all those items is coming back to
haunt us in a big way the other thing we
could get is just an item like book of
revenue I've done an item like Book of
Revelations just get sucked up
my favorite Canadian punk band and yes
that was a reference to to effed-up in
the chemistry of common life but if it
gets sucked up by void then we get
spirit odds on the regular like I'm not
ready to die here I'm also not ready to
make nice nothing so big outs for us
here obviously if I could get like a
random heart pay out like here that'd be
sick but a second secret room is
probably a more likely Avenue for us to
find you know the gold rush here
teleporting enemies are also going to be
held these guys do teleport not the hoos
guys obviously would check it check and
check oh why did I think that was a
special room for some reason good look
that was tough
spirit cama cama
okay they gotta go one at a time they
gotta go
spirit hearts all I ask for who would
have thought boss rush would have ended
up being this much of a screw you
admittedly that's a lot of damage on it
would wait till it comes back and you
take it paralysis is a good pill I
walked right into it oh he's back it's
such a tough room because you've got to
like take out the first guy before he
does anything so now we owe a great debt
of gratitude to these guys spawn
silkworms will be careful we all great
debt of gratitude to Guppies color and
if you agree with that fudge you buddy
we paid for Guppies color the fact that
it's actually done something for us
pretty much cost of doing business thank
you so much for providing us with a
little bit of survival skills and this
is where the money gets made because you
know we're getting a freakin red heart
rate here that's not a red heart that's
a lucky foot all right well disregard
but I'm still jazzed okay you can't stop
me from being jazzed I need to institute
like a standing rule rules very simple
all this sucks so why do that because
now I can fly and I can avoid the spikes
is the smartest play I've made in my
adult life sorry buddy
can't do anything here and we needed the
HP anyway so okay
so I think if anything I've redeemed
myself I made the sacrifice of thinking
pressing the spacebar was going to kill
me and it not actually killing me maybe
all the times that I've pressed the
spacebar and blown up instantly I have
been pressing the spacebar twice in
rapid succession that doesn't seem to
make sense
there is our spirit hearts dude I'm bad
in the center of game
sorry aruch I didn't mean to wake you up
but I mean again is my office so nobody
got respect for the professional
youtuber I was a freaking doctor to be
telling me to be quiet Luka I don't
think so buddy so the loss of the spirit
are there hurts me deeply the same time
it is very nice to be able to lose a
spear at heart and still be alive not
that it's what I signed up for a year
but I think although we're lucky to be
alive
got to give it up for our boys in blue
for doing it that's right copy I don't
know why Guppies in blue but didn't blow
me up instantly spirit hearts
that's not spirit hearts also those
aren't pillows do we go for the stat
upgrade I think we just take the bombs
we're probably going to want to bomb our
way through several rooms and the stats
cannot be HP so there we go he's done it
we don't need that unnecessary battery
baby's hooking us up all right we got a
chance
certainly no unless the deal with the
devil is incredible no real bed on a
hush by here it's a very awkward way to
phrase the sentence I don't think I
would like to do a hush fight here but
so shall it be written so shall I be
freaking dawn body so shall I be freakin
dawn body
thanks for the luck upgrades honestly
the run has been very very kind to us
I've clearly made some misplace I've
been pretty lucky that none of them have
been catastrophic except for that time
we died and had to be brought back from
the dead but it's par for the course
today's media environment cool mom's
heart shouldn't be that hard as long as
we don't explode instantly upon pressing
the spacebar I feel good this could be
excellent bombs or key irrelevant foil
lockdown
not that bad infested and a speed
upgrade so it's actually like pretty
terrible I'm going to hold bad trip on
the off chance that it becomes usable we
get a little bit more HP probably
should've known at this point if I was
the key I'll use I mean having 23 poison
bombs threats something got a look the
world's probably more likely to be
useful than bad trip we're going to use
this immediately on the next floor
anyway
yeah dude give me spawn
there's got to be three there's only two
bad trip okay I'm ready for my boss
fight mr. deville it's and rarely will I
say this at this stage of the game this
would be a great opportunity for us to
pick up an HP upgrade he has not done it
that's all right that's all right he's
got a battery charge you know what that
means would be pop dad and don't explode
instantly so that's nice now we got
shears we somehow didn't get hit for a
laser beam or bio laser being pointed
directly at our faces there we go just
took a second for sheers to figure out
whose side it was on lucky dodge battery
charge we're off to the races again I
don't understand that analogy I don't
have many other casinos stories one time
in college my friends and I thought we
were smarter than the average person so
we learned how to count cards we went to
the local casino and played blackjack
but actually we just involved one too
many adult beverages and like completely
laws against it's a mentally somewhat
taxing thing to try to keep it all it's
not like keep the concept of counting
cards not actually that you'd like oh I
know what Jack of Clubs is coming up
next you just you know understand the
relative likelihood of something showing
up relative to what it used to be so
you're like I you know we've had a lot
of pours in the deck so you know it's
more likely we get a card that's higher
than a four right now anyway long story
short nobody lost like more than $20 but
at the end of it we were like that was
kind of like a waste of our time still
fun though
is actually is a surprising amount of
like feel-good casino stories I feel
like that's not that common as you might
expect when I lived in Korea they opened
up a casino in the city that I lived in
but it's illegal for Koreans to gamble
not at that casino just in general like
I guess gambling in a casino context is
not legal for Koreans so they were
having trouble getting people in the
door and it had just opened so they were
like okay
foreigners is basically us no not a
pejorative you know you can eat and
drink for free in the casino obviously
you got to pay to play the games you got
to offer up your own money as a stake
but you get free meals and free drinks
it's pretty uncommon had a lot of nice
meals of that casino until they plugged
that loophole because they were probably
like we're losing a ton of money for no
reason like these guys are not coming
here and betting $1,000 on a hand of
blackjack they're betting like you know
five dollars over the course of two
hours and then having four drinks it's
not fair to us anyway one time I went
with my friends to a casino and when I
walked in they were like hey you know if
you sign up for like a rewards program
to give you a free $10 so I was like you
know what sure I'll sign up for the
rewards program never intend to come
back here that's a free $10 in my pocket
who knows maybe I'll turn his ten
billion it's probably not but by the
time I had finished signing up one of my
friends came back and was like I have
lost $60 at the roulette table and don't
want to be here anymore
so we left I just walked in got a coupon
and then walked out wasn't necessarily
my favorite casino experience so that
one just blew up instantly one of these
days I'll figure out what's going on
with that
oh I thought we could make it across to
the safety zone in a hind sight
definitely should never have done that
that's about it I don't have any like
bad stories I still reckoning if you
like it do it responsibly but like if
you're like I should I should learn how
to play Baccarat I think you're better
off without it the casino can sometimes
be a very sad place even the supposed
glitz and glamour of the strip I'm gonna
take Libra how does this go
pretty badly for now but I got faith and
then we got crickets head cool it's a
pretty big upgrade but I think overall
we got a pretty big statistical
downgrade as a result of my idiocy so
now one HP or do I want stripped of whoo
think I want a HP so I messed it up
especially in Vegas man like I'm not
these people are on vacation I'm not
going to tell them how to live their
lives when you go downstairs to get a
coffee and like 9:30 a.m. and somebody's
down there like on their 12th beer going
like woo I'm like like 55 years old I'm
not saying you shouldn't be able to do
it like that's your Platonic ideal for
vacation you work your ass off for this
vacation don't let me stop you but it is
kind of a frightening mirror to be
looking into of like I don't know if I
want to be there much longer so I only
go there for like high-class eSports
events that I've been invited to be a
part of like Amazon's Champions of fire
so I can kick butt in Crossy Road choke
in the quarterfinals PhD could be good
luck up fine actually fine so we want
the virus for many reasons
it means we probably should not have
blown that dude straight up okay that
was probably the actual worst phrase and
you could have used for them okay
we can't really afford to ever use our
active item ever again
so that's terrifying there we go we have
so many like decent bombs to just be
able to get them in there is worth
something thanks for all the lifesteal
by the way I really appreciate it I'm
sure next time I get hit I'll be rezzed
because I have so much over healing like
meet the cop who can't be stopped
battery charge huh that's tempting oh
look I can end my own life and Isaac for
free what a deal honey where we going
here going to try smaller rooms
it's not fair to suggest small rooms are
always going to be easier than big rooms
but the most annoying archetypes are big
rooms ok so we don't need to go there
now we've been a res twice and I'll say
Thank You mr. skeletal because being
raised once is like I paid for that
functionality being read twice is like
you know what my bad but thank you for
your generosity nonetheless you didn't
have to do that this is a big room I'm
expecting HP you've done it tell appeals
that's not HP this room should not be
that bad
I found myself stuck in a corner there
and I didn't know what to do so I tell
appeals it's almost like fear shot not
to blame
you know something else with my problems
here but fear shot left me in a weird
spot there they weren't following me the
way you would expect so I wasn't able to
create like a safe area to be cool but
we tell if Hills their self out we spent
a resource and we got a reward kill this
guy first to get our spirit heart out of
it you this could be a big room I don't
expect to get anything like any any
reward necessarily but it could be
adjacent to the boss room call me crazy
but I think we got a chance to beat the
boss Lou baby is not one of the hardest
rooms to face down here in my opinion
double adversary double cage sometimes
double gate those ones are not nasty I
was going to say nutty that's not what I
meant to say it was rather nutty you
know Austin Powers - that's probably to
me eats the poop into heat seppuku and -
that's true classic comedy bit
remember when Austin Powers drinks human
shit passive oh my god he just I love
that movie so much here's what you do
you do it like that you've got a good
boy on your side in the form of this
year's zero chance absolutely zero
chance we go into delirium we've been
redeemed in many ways thanks for
watching let me enjoy the episode we did
click the like button come on out of the
pmw sometime thanks for watching I'll
see you next time I thought I had more
to say I don't